Have you asked anyone out for the holidays?
That's no
I don't usually have any friends.
It's just a pity, you think carefully.
Really not.
What's the matter, I've found some clues here.
Someone did get me drunk that night
I just don't know if I'm aiming for you or me
who
The waiter said he had only met the man
I don't know what his name is
There were so many people that night, who the hell knows who it was?
Then you adjust the monitoring?
There is no surveillance in that place.
Mostly for you
Then don't I become cannon fodder?
Anyway
Don't tell anyone about these things yet
Hello Xiaoning
5 million I paid it off
Don't worry about it.
This 5 million
Where did you get so much money?
My brokerage company paid me in advance
It's okay, your economic company is so kind to you.
5 million said one is one
There's no conspiracy.